---
layout: post
title: Angular and beasts the likes of...
---

It's true what they say about being a developer, if you slow down then you'll fall straight off the back of the truck. Working in the ad world for the past 6 months has taught me that as soon as you think you have a handle on what you're working with, you better take a closer look before you embarrass yourself walking up to your team lead acting like you know a single iota of anything about the web. The more I've learned in the last little bit, the more I've realized that I know jack shit. Depending on how you look at that, you can really excited and fly deeper into the realm of all things internet, or you can sink into a dark depression underneath the weight of knowledge needed to excel in this field. I definitely chose the latter for the first part of my career, but with every passing day it's transitioning into a more positive, more productive situation. With my new-found attitude, I decided to send myself back to depression square one by embarking on the emotional roller coaster that is AngularJS. I had heard how Everest steep the learning curve is, but after seeing countless freelance postings begging for expereinced Angular devs, I knew it would eventually be worth the struggle. Not having the most solid base of JavaScript knowledge made the process even more enjoyable. The never-ending onslaught of technical JS jargon that I wasn't grasping was a pretty big hurdle (one I'm still getting over). But I found that regardless of how little sense the tutorial made to me, as long as I kept pushing through it, I'd come out the other side a bit more comfy with Angular, and JS as a whole. Gathering resources from the Angular homepage, egghead.io, thinkster and whatever else I could get my hands on has also helped me a lot. It's really nice to be able to compare work flows and how different people set up their Angular apps to accomplish the same task. That's another thing that gives me motivation to keep going, the idea that there are a million ways to get to one destination and there will always be one that fits with your skillset or knowledge level. No matter what, you can find a way to do what you want and to understand why/how you can do it. That being said, I still don't have a clear idea of what I'm doing within my own projects. Haphazardly wiring controllers to my views in hopes of things working seems to suffice for the time being, but the battle isn't even close to over yet (I guess any developer can say that at any time). I have a lot of things to tick off the JS MVC framework list of challenges, let alone the Angular sub list. Maybe I can build a link managing app to keep track of all the crap I want to read...